hey what's up guys the explanation pros
here today i'll explain a comedy fantasy
horror film titled ted
spoiler's incoming
the movie starts with a narration and a
visual description of christmas in the
1990s piles of snow kids playing in the
backyard creating snowmen and throwing
snowballs the first scene introduces
john bennett the main character of the
movie but started as the most unpopular
child in the neighborhood as john
bennett walks to the crowd of children
they are bullying a jew child beating
him up physically and taunting him jon
as the movie describes him as the most
disliked child and unpopular tries to
interfere or join the commotion the
other children dislike him so much that
the children ignore him making jon feel
so envious about the other children in
the neighborhood
as christmas approaches john bennett's
parents give him a best friend in the
form of a teddy bear john is so happy
about his new friend as the bear can
talk several coats like any other toy
during that time the teddy bear with the
size of a young child about three feet
makes jon the happiest child during that
day
jon still wishes for his bear to be
alive as he makes his wish under the
blanket that night for an unknown reason
the teddy bear agrees and miraculously
comes to life as exactly how john
bennett wishes the miracle of a toy or
teddy bear coming to life is a short hit
for the public daddy or dead as he gains
his name from people that brought him
popularity made his appearances on
various television shows like the carson
show and several advertisements john and
ted continues to live their popularity
and their famous life just like any
other celebrity
as the movie progressed the narrator
sadly states that after years of being
famous in the public media the fame and
popularity of ted as well as jon fades
35 years later and now john and ted are
fully grown adults with ted's appearance
to be a little bit more afraid than
before he settles as a roommate of jon a
man child who lives with his teddy bear
for all his life john is now an agent on
his local car rental agency and tries to
live committed on his adult life in this
part the movie starts to introduce jon's
girlfriend laurie collins john's partner
for a long time lori as described in the
movie patiently waits for john for her
marriage proposal for almost four years
as the relationship approaches the right
time for marriage john and ted's
relationship continues throughout their
lives and as adults they spend their
past times inhaling large quantities of
weed doing things that they used to do
spending their life carefree without
thinking about any responsibility for
the moment as they sit on the couch they
always have this wishful thinking and
imagination about their childhood hero
flash gordon reminiscing their favorite
scenes in the movie and the television
the movie implicitly describes the fear
of ted about jon's relationship with
lori ted is afraid of losing his
relationship with jon as laurie spends
john's time doing couple things and
stuff
as laurie tries to live with jon ted
always tries to be with him for all time
during lori and john's intimate moment
ted interferes explaining to jon how
scared he is trying to ask laurie if it
is okay to lay with jon in their bed
john agrees and even sings with ted's
song in order to make ted's fear
disappear the next day lori went to her
work under the company name flymouth
where her office miss gradually talks
about her relationship with jon and
john's relationship with ted lori tries
to defend the manchild's characteristics
of jon to her officemates until her boss
came asking for her work and reports
later that day lori and john went out on
a date in a fancy restaurant talking
seriously about their relationship and
possible marriage laurie and john
happily remembering their laughter and
joy throughout their lives regarding
their dates their epic moments and funny
acts comes to a more serious topic which
includes jon's opinions and standpoint
about ted's existence as his teddy bear
and companion john agrees with lori's
suggestion to ask that indirectly about
their individual separation as they are
already grown-up adults
but settles to the idea that ted must
have a work first in order to have a
boost in maintaining his possible own
life as soon as they went home jon and
laurie finds ted hanging out with his
female friends living out his life to
the fullest drinking beer and wine
continuing the life that jon and him
have lori shows a reaction of dismay as
it is the same topic that she and jon
talks about during their dinner date jon
decided to ask ted to go out with him
the next scene shows that ted and john
on an animal museum having a serious
one-on-one talk about their life and
ted's actions
jon suggested ted to act like an adult
having a life of his own in the family
living the best life that ted can as the
reaction of ted shows the anxiety and
fear from possible temporary separation
with jon he later on agrees and tried to
call himself about the things that he
didn't expected the next morning john
went to ted on his first job seeking and
interviews they both agree that if ted
successfully passes the interview they
will be having their celebration at
night said during his first interview
acted with his usual reactions with
sarcasm rudeness and funny responses
that will surely fail anyone who acts
the same way with him but the boss hired
him as an employee in a grocery store
asking ted to work as soon as possible
later on jon helped ted to move his
things to ted's new apartment it is a
hard scene for the both of them as it is
their first time to be separated for
almost 30 years of their existence
while ted is on his work laurie and jon
finds a perfect time to spend their
moments together finding peace in the
absence of ted creating more time for
each other lori and john both enjoyed
their moment together on his work ted
finds a beautiful co-worker in the store
tried to flirt with her with his
naughtiness the woman is so fond of
ted's attitude and shows a favorable
response for ted on jon's work he
experiences different conflicts with his
boss and his own work jon is so stressed
that when ted called he was thinking if
he must answer it
ted on the other hand spends his time
with his female co-worker in the
inventory room
doing sexual things together as their
boss finds them doing it ted's boss
talked to him about this matter which
made him upset on the store sparking a
man approaches ted with a suspicious
behavior said later on ignores the man
as tammy exits the store premises later
on ted and jon spend their time together
trying to get rid of the stress while
smoking pot in john's apartment thinking
about the things they used to do and
also flash gordon the next day the two
couple ted and tammy and john and laurie
spent their dinner all together talking
about the things between them when
suddenly lori accidentally tells a story
about the pass of ted that made the
double date awkward as tammy exits the
table ted follows her with a hurry the
next day jon escorted lori to her
company's event that showcases her boss
rich background as the night progressed
jon talks to laurie's boss spending time
while having a tour in the large mansion
like house the conversation that jon had
with laura's boss made jon a little
insecure as laurie's boss is showing
interest towards lori a stressed and
insecure jon receives a call from ted
inviting him to a party jon exits lori's
company event and went straight ahead to
ted's apartment without a doubt since
ted told jon that the party will be
showcasing flash gordon jon speeding up
thinking he is on a flash gordon movie
arrive intense location in the nick of
time
jon and ted spend their night with their
action hero flash gordon while hanging
out with a lot of people doing things
that they enjoyed before and spending
their life like there is no tomorrow
singing laughing joking around while
smoking pot and drinking beers that is
how the night went for the two jon
forgets about lori which was mad at him
jon exits the party and regret due to
the possible results of his actions
regarding his relationship jon and ted
had a commotion when jon exits the
apartment jon told ted that he should
have followed laurie's suggestion about
his separation with ted as he is an
adult man that is already 35 years old
and he should have avoided or stopped
hanging out with his teddy bear that do
not cares for him and gives him benefit
upon hearing this ted's heart shatters
as jon leaves the apartment's area
ted continuously thinks about the things
that jon said to him and decided to go
to john's apartment in order to talk
with jon and laurie ted went to john's
apartment and suddenly welcomed by lori
ted talks to laurie pleading for a
moment to talk to jon lori allowed ted
to enter and talk to jon upon meeting
jon ted talked to him with his ears tone
about the life they had and seriously
approached the problem between them when
jon approaches ted to reconcile ted
attacked him saying things in order to
get revenge about the things that jon
told him but this act of ted shows that
ted is still sorry but do not want the
situation to be heavy or awkward between
them after the incidents that happened
between ted and john as well as lori ted
walks alone in the street when he is
suddenly approached by the suspicious
man the same man that approached him on
the store's parking lot it turns out
that donny the suspicious man has a son
that wants to play with ted as he feels
bad about the past incidents involving
him and his lifelong best friend ted
agrees to go to donny's house to play
with his son as soon as ted reaches the
house of donny donnie's son demands to
play with dead as he needs a new best
friend ted is feeling a little bit off
about what is happening and it turns out
that soon he will be abused by their
family later on ted's idea comes to life
as he is physically abused by dawn's son
whenever he refuses to play
dad is locked in a room captured and
held by donny and his son when he finds
a chance to escape ted reached the phone
and went to the bathroom calling john
and informing him about the situation
when jon received a call he immediately
went to the house of donny unfortunately
donnie finds out that ted called john
and decided to move out somewhere with
ted donny put ted in a sack and put him
on a car's container ted tried to escape
and struggles with donny he successfully
escaped the car after the accident but
it creates a cotton in his belly as a
stuffed toy he doesn't feel anything and
continue to escape running away from
donny ted reaches for the tower in a
baseball field climbing up while being
chased by donny john approaches the
situation and went straight for ted in
the set attention ted falls off the
tower while donnie is captured by the
police ted is severely damaged as he is
divided into two jon feels bad about
what happened as he brings the remains
of ted back to his home laurie upon
seeing the effects of the incident tried
to fix dead and wished upon the falling
stars in the sky to heal ted and bring
him back to life the next day ted is
completely alive which creates a perfect
resolution and ending for the movie
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed this video please hit the like
button and also subscribe to my channel
for more videos like this
see you in the next video